FENIL DOSHI

7, Hetal Apt., N.S Road, Mulund(West), Mumbai-400080
Contact No.: (+91) 8691817242 Email Address: fenildanbrown@gmail.com

Department: Computer Engineering- SE-A Programming languages known:
C
Python JAVA HTML CSS
JavaScript

Courses undertaken:
All academic course provided in college; Python, Introduction to Cryptology by NPTEL.

PROJECTS:
No major projects undertaken. Planning to take one up in Deep Blue. A keen learner and keep  doing  minor  things  on  
my  own  which  can  be  seen  in  my  github  profile  like developing a game of TicTacToe with computer (which makes 
his move logically) or creating several webpages.
Love  Competitive  coding  and  regularly  participate  in  contests  organize  at  Hackerank and Codechef etc.
*Importantly, all the webpages created are implemented without the use of templates. And done in first-hand using 
JavaScript, HTML and Advance CSS3.

GITHUB ID-  https://fenil25.github.io What Makes Me The Right Candidate:
1.  I am a keen learner and good observer.
2.  I  am  anxious  to  join  the  committee  which  can  be  seen  by  my  rigorous perseverance in learning web 
development in the time duration of 2 weeks since the whole idea of this group was announced.
3.  Have an in-built interest for web development
4.  Committed to given tasks and responsibilities.
5.  Dedicated to finding easy implementable  solutions when faced with problems. Education:

B.E. (Computer Engineering)                                                                  2016  –
Present
D. J. Sanghvi College of Engineering CGPA: 9.15/10 (First Semester) CGPA: 8.67/10 (Second Semester)

Class 12
Pace Junior Science College, Thane, Mumbai-HSC Board                                          2016
Score:  88.9%
Class 10
Friend's High School, Mumbai-SSC Board                                                2014
Score: 95.40%
Achievements:

Secured 11th and 15th rank in State Level Scholarship Exam in 4th and 7th standard respectively.
●   Achieved numerous medals in Olympiads
●   Achieved Gold Medal in Pragnya in 5th standard and secured 27th rank in NEMC- Level-2 conducted by BrihanMumbai 
Ganit Mandal
●   Selected  for  Mega-finals  in  IPM  exams  from  3rd  to  9th  standard  and  for  final interviewing stage in 
MTSE exams.
●   Attended workshops for SQL, Python etc.

Volunteer Experience:
Volunteer, National Service Scheme
Working as a volunteer of the N.S.S. Unit, a government organization working in the field of Social Service, of D. J. 
Sanghvi College of Engineering.

Interests:

●   Voracious reader and interested writer.
●   Watching TV series and anime.

●   Playing CHESS.
●   Competitive Coding


Yours Sincerely, Fenil Doshi
